The camera sets of images are paired with their respective IMU set using
the number in the filename.

Hardware:

- the gyros have dual output (1x and 4x). This is done by designers to
  make the chips versatile in different operating conditions. If you
  look at the schematic of the board, however, you see that only 4x gyro
  signals are routed to the microcontroller (therefore you should use the 
  appropriate sensitivity). In general, you can look at the schematic, and 
  see which signals are connected to the microcontroller. 

- make sure you convert sensitivity to mv/rad/sec (not degrees...)

- the camera axis is aligned with imu x axis, the relative position of
  the camera is roughly (0,0,0.1), i.e. 10cm just above the imu.

Software:

- if the final output of your Kalman filter does not look
  reasonable, you should first double check that intermediate
  computations look ok:
  -- make sure you are using appropriate units (rad/sec vs. deg/sec)
  -- try to apply just the motion model without fusing with
  accelerometers and see if the behavior is reasonable within short
  periods of time (it will drift over long periods, since no
  corrections from accelerometers are incorporated, but that's ok)
  -- check to make sure you are interpreting accelerometer data
  correctly by projecting the accelerations from body frame into the
  global frame using the vicon's rotation matrix. this should always
  give you a vector that points down.

Video:

Don't worry about the image looking perfect, it is very difficult
to do. We just want to check to make sure that you know how to use
the resulting rotations in the context of fusing data coming from
other sensors.

Presentation:

Your presentation should contain the following:

- summary of your algorithm

- plots comparing your estimated orientation to the ground truth
  on training sets

- short video (or sequence of matlab "rotplot"s to show how
  vicon data compares to your estimate by drawing two boxes next
  to each other with corresponding orientations.

- at the beginning of class we will give you a link to the
  test data set, which will be in the same format as the
  training data (no images will be given, just imu data)

Known Glitch:

- Some imu data sets contained a small glitch in the 
  beginning, where all 3 gyro values would jump to a fixed
  value and then come back to normal operation (typically
  several seconds after starting). This problem came during
  data collection where a reset pin fired, locking the gyros
  into the nominal zero, rather than the true zero bias gyro
  level.
